README.md, before:

# Portfolio website
This is my portfolio website using Vue.js and GridCSS, deployed on github pages. I made this to learn Vue.js and create a nice portfolio website for me as a UX Designer from the ground up.

## Getting Started
Clone this repository. There are three branches:
- master: the deployed files for github pages
- vueapp: the vue source code of the latest version of the website
- old_app: an old version of the website written in pure HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery and Bootstrap.


### Prerequisites

You need `nodejs` and `npm`. `yarn` is optional.

### Running the dev setup

Switch to branch `vueapp`. Run `yarn` to install the dependencies, then `yarn dev` to start a development server on `localhost:8080`. Open your browser at `localhost:8080`.

Alternatively, you can also serve the deployed files from `master` branch. I use [http-server](https://www.npmjs.com/package/http-server) for that. Switch to branch `master`. Run `http-server` inside the directory. Visit `localhost:8080` with your webbrowser

## Tests

I was too lazy to write tests (I know). Maybe later.

## Deployment

If you want to build the files necessary for github pages, run `deploy.sh` in the branch `vueapp`. It will build the project, copy the `index.html` to each routes folder to allow for routes with double slashes (e.g. johannesschweig.github.io/phoenix/) and force push the changes to master.

## Credits

**Built with:**
* [GridCSS](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Grid_Layout) - like Bootstrap only newer, more versatile and features less css styles you don't necessarily need
* [Vue.js](https://vuejs.org/) - a JavaScript Framework similar to React or Angular

**Versioning** is done with Git.

**Thanks to**

* [FreeCodeCamp](https://www.freecodecamp.org/) for their great free vue course.
* [The Net Ninja](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5LYrN_cAJoA&list=PL4cUxeGkcC9gQcYgjhBoeQH7wiAyZNrYa) for his great youtube vue video tutorials.

## License

You may reuse my code which is about the technical side of this project (e.g. page setup, build scripts, layout) without asking if you provide attribution somewhere. You may NOT reuse any of my images or copy (i.e. written text).

Commit message:

Smaller fixes and changes
- changed readme, deploy script
- adding mechanics and thesis project back
- fixed vulnerabilities
- fixed favicon
- header no longer sticky
- changed social icons + cv icon
- exclude pdf from jest
- unit and e2e tests
- removed id prop from projects
- added portfolio links

README.md, after:

# Portfolio website
This is my portfolio website using Vue.js and GridCSS, deployed on github pages. I made this to learn Vue.js and create a nice portfolio website for me as a UX Designer from the ground up.

## Getting Started
Clone this repository. There are three branches:
- master: the deployed files for github pages
- vueapp: the vue source code of the latest version of the website
- old_app: an old version of the website written in pure HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery and Bootstrap.


### Prerequisites

You need `nodejs` and `npm`.

### Running the dev setup

Switch to branch `vueapp`. Run `npm i` to install the dependencies, then `npm run dev` to start a development server on `localhost:8080`. Open your browser at `localhost:8080`.

Alternatively, you can also serve the deployed files from `master` branch. I use [http-server](https://www.npmjs.com/package/http-server) for that. Switch to branch `master`. Run `http-server` inside the directory. Visit `localhost:8080` with your webbrowser

## Linting & Tests

Linting is done with `npm run lint`. Tests are located in `tests/unit`. Run them with `npm run unit`.

## Deployment

If you want to build the files necessary for github pages, run `deploy.sh` in the branch `vueapp`. It will build the project, copy the `index.html` to each routes folder to allow for routes with double slashes (e.g. johannesschweig.github.io/phoenix/) and force push the changes to master.

## Credits

**Built with:**
* [GridCSS](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Grid_Layout) - like Bootstrap only newer, more versatile and features less css styles you don't necessarily need
* [Vue.js](https://vuejs.org/) - a JavaScript Framework similar to React or Angular

**Versioning** is done with Git.

**Thanks to**

* [FreeCodeCamp](https://www.freecodecamp.org/) for their great free vue course.
* [The Net Ninja](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5LYrN_cAJoA&list=PL4cUxeGkcC9gQcYgjhBoeQH7wiAyZNrYa) for his great youtube vue video tutorials.

## License

You may reuse my code which is about the technical side of this project (e.g. page setup, build scripts, layout) without asking if you provide attribution somewhere. You may NOT reuse any of my images or copy (i.e. written text).
