TODO.md, before:

# Windows img work

# Linux code work
- make previous/nextProject more elegant
- better image src inclusion
- insert PhoenixJS image
- scenario manager project

# BACKLOG
- unit tests
- e2e tests
- Drop shadow also for images in small viewports?
- Hover link color too subtle
- Dual image in styled-image look bad -> make styled-image dual compatible
- Next project button on the bottom of the page
- make the projects extensible
- improve performance with low res previews of images? run everthing through kraken.io
- read more about accessibility of websites (and implement some features)
- Include Google Analytics?
- investigate new color scheme
- Moodboard as bio page?

# DROPPED
- PhoenixJS improvements: create PhoenixJS image, overlay screenshot, screenshot of the auto dj icons -> phoenixjs is about to be retired
- 404 not working due to github pages crap
- Thesis: Fix pdf download
- Padding left of name looks weird compared to content on page -> images are centered (!)
- Illustration for testimonials? Face of the client (too aggro),...?
- Bio Icon (Stylize my face? mb also favicon?)

# DONE
## 1.3.0
- CV on website
- repair favicon
- Header not sticky
- include old projects (mechanics, thesis)
- basis for unit and e2e tests

- Code snippets images:
    [Image: three manipulation nodes vs one node]
    [Image: formulas08 vs formulas01 tabbed interface vs dropdown, first row vs result only] -> Done
- scale bio images to 48x48px
- new images for legal, mail, address
- make ul font size on legal 14px
- vertical-align: middle for img on legal, 1px padding-bottom
- #name larger: 200px
- redo pattern: 830 height
- merge images phoenix hover and tooltip
- create nice illustration for querybuilder
- Legal: align content with header
- phoenix: include tooltips, hover-effects to illustrate affordances/microinteractions
- fix weird cell heights in project preview
- Replace Bootstrap with Grid CSS
- project: text-image under each other
- revisit sticky header paradigm
- 404 for not accessible content
- "Back"-Functionality and design at "Johannes Schweig"
- Orientation for the user, e.g. "Phoenix" centered in header?
- remove require from all entries/*
- scrolling up when visiting a different route
- port to react -> ported to vue

- Rework favicon
- UseTree projects: name methods that I used, compared with methods of the other team
- phoenix: write UCD process like, name methods in all phases of the process, make up the rest (Design Research, User Research, Sketches, mockups, paper prototyping, 1st evaluation)
- phoenix: delete design critic of itunes
- Review newly written projects
- Include section: Artwork/Layout with posters I co-designed
- Rewrite alt tag for impaired users (description of the image)
- image margins bottom with 1 column layout are too low -> .entry-img 15px padding
- Allow thesis download (generate new version)
- create download icon for thesis
- Include image of condat evaluation
- build collage of projects as preview-img
- icon for artwork
- check images for resolution (800x600 max)

Commit message:

new design
- new header, cards, colors, about section
- npm audit fix
- svg inclusion
- legal: email changed

TODO.md, after:

# Windows img work

# Linux code work
- make previous/nextProject more elegant
- better image src inclusion
- favicon in all formats
- cards
  - 3 projects look shitty in 2x2 format
- about page
  - copy


# Ideas
- popup to show images fullscreen

- unit tests
- e2e tests
- Drop shadow also for images in small viewports?
- Hover link color too subtle
- Dual image in styled-image look bad -> make styled-image dual compatible
- Next project button on the bottom of the page
- make the projects extensible
- read more about accessibility of websites (and implement some features)
- Include Google Analytics?
- Moodboard as bio page?

# DROPPED
- PhoenixJS improvements: create PhoenixJS image, overlay screenshot, screenshot of the auto dj icons -> phoenixjs is about to be retired
- 404 not working due to github pages crap
- Thesis: Fix pdf download
- Padding left of name looks weird compared to content on page -> images are centered (!)
- Illustration for testimonials? Face of the client (too aggro),...?
- Bio Icon (Stylize my face? mb also favicon?)
- scenario manager project
- insert PhoenixJS image -> will be deprecated soon

# DONE
## 2.0.0
- new color scheme
- svg loading of icons
## 1.3.0
- CV on website
- repair favicon
- Header not sticky
- include old projects (mechanics, thesis)
- basis for unit and e2e tests

- Code snippets images:
    [Image: three manipulation nodes vs one node]
    [Image: formulas08 vs formulas01 tabbed interface vs dropdown, first row vs result only] -> Done
- scale bio images to 48x48px
- new images for legal, mail, address
- make ul font size on legal 14px
- vertical-align: middle for img on legal, 1px padding-bottom
- #name larger: 200px
- redo pattern: 830 height
- merge images phoenix hover and tooltip
- create nice illustration for querybuilder
- Legal: align content with header
- phoenix: include tooltips, hover-effects to illustrate affordances/microinteractions
- fix weird cell heights in project preview
- Replace Bootstrap with Grid CSS
- project: text-image under each other
- revisit sticky header paradigm
- 404 for not accessible content
- "Back"-Functionality and design at "Johannes Schweig"
- Orientation for the user, e.g. "Phoenix" centered in header?
- remove require from all entries/*
- scrolling up when visiting a different route
- port to react -> ported to vue

- Rework favicon
- UseTree projects: name methods that I used, compared with methods of the other team
- phoenix: write UCD process like, name methods in all phases of the process, make up the rest (Design Research, User Research, Sketches, mockups, paper prototyping, 1st evaluation)
- phoenix: delete design critic of itunes
- Review newly written projects
- Include section: Artwork/Layout with posters I co-designed
- Rewrite alt tag for impaired users (description of the image)
- image margins bottom with 1 column layout are too low -> .entry-img 15px padding
- Allow thesis download (generate new version)
- create download icon for thesis
- Include image of condat evaluation
- build collage of projects as preview-img
- icon for artwork
- check images for resolution (800x600 max)
